REPUTATION HEALTH CHECK QUIZ — LIVE SPEC (matches implementation)
================================================================

Last synced with codebase. All copy below is verbatim from source files.


FLOW
----

Step 1 — Scored questions Q1–Q10 (label: "Reputation health")
Step 2 — Situation questions Q11–Q15 (label: "Your goals")
Step 3 — Contact form (label: "Your business")
Step 4 — In-page results (no redirect)

Quiz section heading: "Get Your Free Reputation Health Score"
Quiz section subtext: "Answer a few quick questions and get immediate recommendations for improving your online reputation."

Contact step intro: "Almost done — tell us about your business so we can personalise your results."

Buttons: "Continue" | "Back" | "See My Results" | "Calculating..." (while submitting)


CONTACT FORM
------------

Required:
  First name (placeholder: John)
  Email (placeholder: john@smithplumbing.com)
  Phone (placeholder: 0400 000 000)

Optional:
  Business name (placeholder: Smith Plumbing)
  Describe your role (placeholder: Owner, marketing team, other, etc.)

Suburb: not shown to user; detected from IP on submit via /api/visitor-location


SCORED QUESTIONS (Q1–Q10)
--------------------------

Scoring: Strong = 10 | Good/manual = 7 | Weak = 4 | None/not sure = 0
Answers store score values (not option index).

Q1. Do you ask happy customers for a Google review after a job is completed?
  Internal pillar: Revenue
  • Yes, automatically — 10
  • Yes, manually — 7
  • Sometimes — 4
  • No — 0

Q2. Are review requests sent while the customer experience is still fresh?
  Internal pillar: Revenue
  • Yes, same day or next day — 10
  • Usually within a week — 7
  • Sometimes later — 4
  • Rarely or never — 0

Q3. Do you make it easy for customers to leave a review with a Google review link?
  Internal pillar: Trust
  • Yes, every time — 10
  • Sometimes — 7
  • Not consistently — 4
  • No — 0

Q4. Do happy customers usually get a reminder if they forget to leave a review?
  Internal pillar: Revenue
  • Yes, automatically — 10
  • Yes, manually — 7
  • Sometimes — 4
  • No — 0

Q5. Do you reply to Google reviews in a way that makes future customers trust you more?
  Internal pillar: Trust
  • Yes, every review gets a personal and professional reply — 10
  • Most reviews get a good reply — 7
  • Some reviews get replied to — 4
  • Rarely or never — 0

Q6. Do you have a list of past happy customers you could contact for a review request?
  Internal pillar: Revenue
  • Yes, with names, phone numbers, and emails — 10
  • Yes, but it would need cleaning up — 7
  • Some, but it is not organised — 4
  • No — 0
  • Not sure — 0

Q7. If you received a negative or unfair review, would you know exactly how to respond?
  Internal pillar: Trust
  • Yes, we have a clear response process — 10
  • Mostly, but it depends on the situation — 7
  • Not really — 4
  • No — 0

Q8. Do you use positive reviews or customer feedback as social proof on your website or social media?
  Internal pillar: Visibility
  • Yes, consistently — 10
  • Sometimes — 7
  • Rarely — 4
  • Never — 0

Q9. Do you know whether your Google Business Profile is generating calls, website visits, or enquiries?
  Internal pillar: Visibility
  • Yes, we check this regularly — 10
  • Sometimes — 7
  • Rarely — 4
  • No — 0

Q10. Does your review process still happen when the business gets busy?
  Internal pillar: Revenue
  • Yes, it runs in the background — 10
  • Partly — 7
  • Not really — 4
  • No, it depends on us remembering — 0


UNSCORED QUESTIONS (Q11–Q15)
----------------------------

Q11. Which best describes your current situation?
  • We get enough work, but our reviews don't reflect how good we are
  • We get enquiries, but customers often compare us with competitors first
  • We want more consistent calls and booked jobs from Google
  • We are too busy to manually chase reviews or follow-ups
  • We are not sure where our enquiries are coming from

Q12. What outcome would be most valuable in the next 90 days?
  • Get more calls and enquiries from Google
  • Turn more happy customers into Google reviews
  • Look more trusted when customers compare us with competitors
  • Save time by automating review requests and follow-ups
  • Understand what is costing us trust, visibility, or revenue online

Q13. What do you think is the biggest obstacle getting in your way?
  • We forget to ask when things get busy
  • Customers say they will leave a review but don't
  • We don't have a clear process
  • We don't have time to follow up manually
  • We're not sure what to say

Q14. Which type of solution would suit you best?
  • An automated system that handles review requests and follow-ups automatically
  • Guidance, templates, and a clear process we can follow ourselves
  • A one-off audit so we can understand the opportunity first
  • Not sure yet — we'd like to see what would make the biggest difference

Q15. Is there anything else you think we should know about?
  Type: optional open text
  Placeholder: "Optional — share anything that would help us understand your business"
  Sent to GHL as: extraNotes and q15


SCORING
-------

Total = Q1 + Q2 + Q3 + Q4 + Q5 + Q6 + Q7 + Q8 + Q9 + Q10 (max 100)

Score categories:
  >= 80  → Strong reputation system
  >= 60  → Good foundation, but room to improve
  >= 40  → Clear reputation growth opportunity
  <  40  → Reputation system needs attention

Internal pillars (NOT displayed publicly):
  Trust:      Q3 + Q5 + Q7 (max 30)
  Visibility: Q8 + Q9 (max 20)
  Revenue:    Q1 + Q2 + Q4 + Q6 + Q10 (max 50)

  trustPercent      = Math.round((trust / 30) * 100)
  visibilityPercent = Math.round((visibility / 20) * 100)
  revenuePercent    = Math.round((revenue / 50) * 100)

  lowestPillar    = pillar with lowest percentage
  strongestPillar = pillar with highest percentage


PUBLIC RESULTS PAGE
-------------------

Shows ONLY:
  • One "Reputation Health Score" out of 100 (single gauge)
  • Score category
  • Short intro paragraph (dynamic)
  • "Your current system" — exactly 3 analysis points
  • "Recommended next steps" — 2–3 steps
  • "Recommended solution" + dynamic CTA button

Does NOT show publicly:
  • Trust / Visibility / Revenue scores, percentages, or gauges
  • Raw pillar calculations
  • "Conversion" label

Results page copy (static headings):
  Eyebrow: "Your results are ready"
  Headline: "Your Reputation Health Score"
  Gauge label: "Reputation Health Score"
  Section: "Your current system"
  Section: "Recommended next steps"
  Section: "Recommended solution"
  Footer (if business name provided): "Results prepared for {businessName}"

CTA links to: https://links.screwdrivermarketing.com.au/widget/booking/fndvYKV1tve0cVC5F2iM


RESULT INTRO (by total score)
-----------------------------

>= 80:
"Your reputation system is already strong. The main opportunity is to make it more consistent, easier to track, and better connected to calls, enquiries, and booked jobs."

>= 60  → Good foundation, but room to improve
  (intro uses same copy as 40–59 band below)

>= 40:
"You already have a decent foundation, but there are still gaps that may be costing you trust, visibility, or enquiries when customers compare you online."

< 40:
"Your current review process may be too manual, inconsistent, or unclear. That can make it harder for future customers to trust you before they contact you."

Optional Q11 append (added after intro paragraph when Q11 matches):

"We get enough work, but our reviews don't reflect how good we are":
"The good news is that you likely already have happy customers — the gap is getting that proof to show up online."

"We get enquiries, but customers often compare us with competitors first":
"When people compare businesses, stronger reviews, better replies, and fresher proof can influence who they contact first."

"We are too busy to manually chase reviews or follow-ups":
"The system needs to work even when the team is busy, not only when someone remembers."

"We are not sure where our enquiries are coming from":
"Tracking calls, website visits, and enquiries from your Google profile will make it clearer what is actually working."


ANALYSIS POINTS (exactly 3)
---------------------------

Priority: lowest pillar → Q13 → Q12 → Q11 → strongest pillar → fallback
Near-duplicate points are skipped (keyword overlap threshold 0.45).

--- LOWEST PILLAR ---

Trust:
  Title: "Trust may be leaking before customers contact you"
  Body: "Your business may do great work, but future customers need to see enough proof, reassurance, and professional responses before they feel confident choosing you."

Visibility:
  Title: "Your happy customers may not be visible enough"
  Body: "Positive customer experiences are more valuable when they show up clearly on Google, your website, and social media. If they stay hidden, competitors can look more active and trusted."

Revenue:
  Title: "Completed jobs may not be turning into future enquiries"
  Body: "Happy customers are one of your best sources of reviews and trust. If there is no consistent follow-up process, good jobs can finish without creating any public proof."

--- Q13 OBSTACLE ---

"We forget to ask when things get busy":
  Title: "The process depends too much on memory"
  Body: "When asking for reviews relies on someone remembering, it usually gets missed during busy periods. That means strong customer experiences can disappear without becoming reviews."

"Customers say they will leave a review but don't":
  Title: "Happy customers often need a reminder"
  Body: "Many customers intend to leave a review but forget. A simple reminder at the right time can recover reviews that would otherwise be missed."

"We don't have a clear process":
  Title: "There is no clear review system yet"
  Body: "Without a repeatable process, review collection becomes inconsistent. The business may only get reviews when someone happens to ask."

"We don't have time to follow up manually":
  Title: "Manual follow-up is easy to drop"
  Body: "When the team is busy, manual follow-up usually gets pushed aside. That is why the review process needs to run in the background."

"We're not sure what to say":
  Title: "The message may be slowing you down"
  Body: "If the team is unsure what to say, review requests can feel awkward or get delayed. Clear wording makes the process easier and more professional."

--- Q12 OUTCOME ---

"Get more calls and enquiries from Google":
  Title: "Google should be treated as an enquiry channel"
  Body: "The goal is not just more reviews. The goal is making your profile look active and trusted enough that more people call, click, or enquire."

"Turn more happy customers into Google reviews":
  Title: "There may be untapped reviews in your customer base"
  Body: "If you already have happy customers, the opportunity is to make it easier and more consistent for them to leave a Google review."

"Look more trusted when customers compare us with competitors":
  Title: "Comparison matters before the first call"
  Body: "Future customers often compare reviews, replies, photos, and proof before contacting a business. A stronger reputation can help you win trust earlier."

"Save time by automating review requests and follow-ups":
  Title: "Automation could remove the manual chasing"
  Body: "A simple automated process can ask at the right time, follow up when needed, and keep working while the business is busy."

"Understand what is costing us trust, visibility, or revenue online":
  Title: "You need clearer visibility on what is working"
  Body: "Without tracking and diagnosis, it is hard to know whether your Google profile, reviews, website, or follow-up process is costing you enquiries."

--- Q11 SITUATION ---

"We get enough work, but our reviews don't reflect how good we are":
  Title: "Your reputation may not reflect your real quality"
  Body: "If the business already does good work, the main issue may be that enough of that proof is not showing up publicly."

"We get enquiries, but customers often compare us with competitors first":
  Title: "Competitors may be winning the trust battle"
  Body: "When customers compare options, the business with stronger visible proof can feel like the safer choice."

"We want more consistent calls and booked jobs from Google":
  Title: "Your Google profile could work harder"
  Body: "Reviews, replies, recent activity, and tracking can all help turn your Google profile into a more reliable source of calls and enquiries."

"We are too busy to manually chase reviews or follow-ups":
  Title: "The system needs to survive busy periods"
  Body: "A good review process should not stop when the business gets busy. It should keep working without adding more admin."

"We are not sure where our enquiries are coming from":
  Title: "Attribution is currently unclear"
  Body: "If you are not sure where enquiries come from, it is harder to know which parts of your online presence are producing results."

--- STRONGEST PILLAR (if different from lowest) ---

Trust:
  Title: "You already have some trust-building habits"
  Body: "Some parts of your review and response process are already helping customers feel more confident. The next step is making that more consistent."

Visibility:
  Title: "You already have some visible proof"
  Body: "Some customer feedback is already being used publicly. The opportunity is to make that proof fresher, clearer, and more consistent."

Revenue:
  Title: "You already have part of the follow-up process working"
  Body: "There are signs that completed jobs are sometimes being turned into review opportunities. The next step is making that process more reliable."

--- FALLBACK ANALYSIS POINTS ---

  Title: "Reviews may not be happening consistently"
  Body: "Without a repeatable process, review collection often depends on who remembers to ask and when."

  Title: "Your Google presence could be stronger"
  Body: "Active reviews, replies, and visible proof help future customers feel confident before they call."

  Title: "There may be untapped proof in past jobs"
  Body: "Happy customers from completed work can still be turned into reviews and online trust with the right follow-up."


NEXT STEPS (2–3)
----------------

Priority: Q12 → Q13 → lowest pillar → fallback
Near-duplicate steps are skipped (keyword overlap threshold 0.45).

--- Q12 ---

"Get more calls and enquiries from Google":
"Improve your Google Business Profile so it looks more active and trusted, then track calls, website visits, and enquiries."

"Turn more happy customers into Google reviews":
"Start with a review reactivation campaign using past happy customers, then request reviews automatically after future jobs."

"Look more trusted when customers compare us with competitors":
"Improve the proof customers see before contacting you: recent reviews, professional replies, strong website proof, and visible customer feedback."

"Save time by automating review requests and follow-ups":
"Set up automated SMS/email review requests and reminders so the process keeps running without manual chasing."

"Understand what is costing us trust, visibility, or revenue online":
"Run a reputation audit to find where reviews, replies, Google visibility, website proof, or tracking may be costing you enquiries."

--- Q13 ---

"We forget to ask when things get busy":
"Create a simple trigger so every completed job gets a review request without relying on memory."

"Customers say they will leave a review but don't":
"Add one polite reminder for customers who said they were happy but did not leave a review."

"We don't have a clear process":
"Create a clear review request process with timing, message templates, follow-up rules, and ownership."

"We don't have time to follow up manually":
"Remove manual follow-up by automating the request and reminder sequence."

"We're not sure what to say":
"Use simple review request templates so the message feels professional, natural, and easy to send."

--- LOWEST PILLAR ---

Trust:
"Reply to reviews in a way that reassures future customers, answers doubts, and shows the business is professional."

Visibility:
"Turn strong reviews and customer feedback into visible proof on your website, social media, and Google profile."

Revenue:
"Build a repeatable system that turns completed jobs into reviews, trust, and future enquiries."

--- FALLBACK NEXT STEPS ---

"Review your past customer list and identify happy customers who could be asked for a genuine review."
"Make your Google review link easy to access and include it in follow-up messages."
"Check your Google Business Profile performance so you know whether it is generating calls, website visits, and enquiries."


RECOMMENDED SOLUTION (by Q14)
-----------------------------

"An automated system that handles review requests and follow-ups automatically":
  Solution: "Based on your answers, the best fit is an automated review system. This would help you request reviews after completed jobs, send reminders to happy customers, and create a more consistent process without relying on manual follow-up."
  CTA: "Claim Your Free Setup"
  Lead type: "Hot — Wants Automation"

"Guidance, templates, and a clear process we can follow ourselves":
  Solution: "Based on your answers, the best fit is a clear review growth process with templates and guidance. This would give your team a simple way to ask for reviews, follow up professionally, and use positive feedback as proof."
  CTA: "Get The Review Growth Plan"
  Lead type: "Warm — Wants DIY Process"

"A one-off audit so we can understand the opportunity first":
  Solution: "Based on your answers, the best fit is a one-off reputation audit. This would show where your Google profile, reviews, replies, and online proof may be costing you trust, visibility, or enquiries."
  CTA: "Book A Quick Reputation Review"
  Lead type: "Warm — Wants Audit First"

"Not sure yet — we'd like to see what would make the biggest difference":
  Solution: "Based on your answers, the best fit is a quick review of your current reputation system. This will help identify the biggest opportunity before deciding whether automation, templates, or an audit makes the most sense."
  CTA: "Show Me What's Missing"
  Lead type: "Nurture — Needs Diagnosis"

Default (if Q14 missing): same as "Not sure yet" option above.


GHL WEBHOOK PAYLOAD (POST /api/submit-quiz)
-------------------------------------------

Contact:
  firstName, businessName, email, phone, role, suburb

Public score:
  totalScore, scoreCategory

Internal scores (for segmentation, not shown to user):
  trustScore, visibilityScore, revenueScore
  trustPercent, visibilityPercent, revenuePercent
  lowestPillar, strongestPillar

Dynamic results:
  resultIntro, analysisPoints, nextSteps
  recommendedSolution, recommendedCTA

Situation fields:
  currentSituation, desiredOutcome, biggestObstacle
  solutionPreference, extraNotes

Lead management:
  leadType, timestamp, source ("Reputation Health Check Quiz")

Answer labels:
  q1, q2, q3, q4, q5, q6, q7, q8, q9, q10
  q11, q12, q13, q14, q15 (Q15 = open text)


TRACKING
--------

Meta Pixel Lead event fires on quiz completion (QuizForm.tsx):
  content_name: "Reputation Health Check"
  content_category: "Free Audit / Enquiry"


SOURCE FILES
------------

src/lib/quiz-questions.ts
src/lib/quiz-scoring.ts
src/lib/quiz-types.ts
src/lib/result-generator.ts
src/components/landing/QuizForm.tsx
src/components/landing/ResultsSection.tsx
src/pages/api/submit-quiz.ts
src/pages/api/visitor-location.ts
